I really hate studying I'm sure you do
too but I still give good grades
most of the A's and maybe one or two B's
in the classes I don't like and you can
too if you know the specific strategies
I'll show you in this video to take
proper notes guys I know it's been a
while and since I was gone Starbucks
already got that Christmas comes out so
if you're new here I just want to tell
you who I am my name is habbo Guo and
through my campus crawl series I was
fortunate enough to interview dozens of
Ivy League students from Harvard and
Stanford and MIT and schools like that
for study strategies and I've been
applying a lot of those strategies in my
own life so I'm gonna share with you my
experiences alright let's jump into
first why do you need to take notes
because I'm lazy I don't want it right
just think how many times have you
watched a YouTube video exactly like
this one and not remember a single thing
I said after like 10 minutes
I mean I'm guilty of that too so
scientific research has shown that by
hand writing notes
improves your recall so you're actually
saving studying time by taking notes in
class so now we know why notes very
important I'm gonna cover three
techniques in this video first I'll
start off with a hierarchy method and
then second I'm gonna show you what I've
coined as the Bondi method and thirdly
I'm gonna show you some technologies and
techniques you can use to save time if
you're lazy like me alright let's jump
what are you doing you are so late go
sit your ass down
and you know what today you're gonna go
take notes for them and give it to them
as an email handout ok ok I'll go take
some really good notes alright ok let's
jump right into it the number one
mistake you're probably making while
taking notes is
when the teacher is talking you're
probably sitting there so frantically
scribbling down everything the teacher
is saying that you don't even have time
to process what he is saying and you're
too busy writing to actually internalize
the knowledge don't write down
everything but what do you actually
write then you write down the main
points the key words and your own bonds
which I'll talk about later I think it's
important to remember this you use your
notes not as a complete resource but
instead as a supplementary resource to
the lecture slides to the class readings
and to any handouts that the teacher is
giving you you review all those at the
same time instead of only your notes so
that will give you the freedom to say
okay I don't need to write down
everything because I have most of this
stuff right in front of me which I can
refer back to any time notes are like
the pearls to your bubble tea not the
bubble tea itself think about that one
the first note-taking technique is what
is called the higher key method you're
probably doing this but you don't know
you're doing this basically it's just
your writing your nose in hierarchy of
importance basically main point over
here and think about it as if you're
writing in word document the second
would be you make an indent and then
that would be the definition of the main
point or it could be associations with
the main point this is just a really
simple easy intuitive way to organize
your notes but there are some nuances
you can implement to make it more
effective another really useful thing I
do use is the numbering system I like to
write steps because they're really easy
to remember
you know those BuzzFeed lists it's like
seven steps to achieve a straight a
without studying our brains are wired to
love organizations so making numbered
lists really helps you remember
everything on that list
and the other thing is you can make
acronyms I really do this a lot and I
make really weird acronyms like so weird
I probably would get flagged if I said
them but because they're so weird I
remember them so make your own acronyms
that will help you memorize - all right
this next technique which I'm gonna call
the bonding method I haven't seen it
anywhere on YouTube and I'm gonna say I
came up with it because I don't think
any of my friends use this technique the
bonnie method is probably my secret
sauce for not having to study as hard as
my friends and still get good grades so
what is the bonding technique while
you're taking notes you make mental
bonds or connections with them course
material that I apply to things in your
real life that might sound a little bit
confusing so I'm just gonna give you an
example in one of my courses so I took a
course called brand management and this
was one of my favorite courses because I
was able to apply everything in this
course and while I was taking notes in
the class I was making mental bonds with
my do Tube channel every single thing he
said I was like oh I can apply that to
this part of my youtube I can apply to
that to the video or how I present
myself so that really allowed me to
remember the course material because the
more bonds you make with a certain topic
the better it was sticking to your mind
it's kind of like a spider web right you
start with a spider and if you make one
bond that's a flimsy web you're not
gonna catch anything make another may
another another another another
eventually it would be so strong that it
just sticks in your mind right you're
trying to catch the knowledge you're
trying to make the knowledge stick and
the more bonds you make the better and
the stickier the information is so
that's what I call the bonnie technique
and literally uses in every single class
and remember how I mention I got bees in
some classes that's probably because I
didn't apply the Bonnie
technique because I really hated some of
those classes there is so boring to me
that I kind of just tended to zone out
and didn't find any connection to my own
life so that speaks to the importance of
applying this one at this point of the
video if you learn and apply the
hierarchy method plus the body method
it's gonna be almost everything you need
to take good notes and to internalize
the information while you're in class
instead of studying for hours and hours
afterwards but there are a couple hacks
that I use in order to save me more time
and sometimes you know when you're
feeling a little bit lazy like those
mornings when you don't feel like
getting out of bed but you still have to
make it to class for participation those
mornings you can use these hacks to save
you some effort for some my classes I
get lecture slides before the class
starts and this is probably like only
two out of five classes per semester
that the teacher does this before the
lecture starts you need to download the
slides onto your computer and literally
when the teacher is talking right on the
slides itself this is gonna save you a
lot of time because you have most of the
information like 80% of the information
is already there so you're only adding
extra annotations and stuff which won't
take you that much time also this is
good when you want to review because you
have everything on your computer but
there is one issue with this and it's
that most of these slides come in PDF so
it's a little bit hard to write on the
actual PDF because most PDF readers
don't allow you to actually edit a PDF
that's why today's sponsor wondershare
and their product PDF element is going
to be the perfect solution for you if
you want to take the notes on your
computer and it's what I use - so their
slogan is PDF experience simplified Wow
and they literally do that because
editing a PDF on PDF element is
literally like a baby a Word document
like never before oh my god if you try
to edit a PDF you know how hard it is
you have to like search up convert PDF
to word online and then like most of the
formatting is gonna be messed up and
then you try to type in the words and
then you have to convert it back no but
with PDF element you can literally click
on the PDF itself and keep the original
font and the format also if you're
looking to convert PDF to word or word
PDF or a bunch of other files you can do
that all within this software they also
have a really cool function called the
OCR function and that made use of this
function in my kpop class because my
teachers scanned all the pre readings
and in a scanned file usually can't do
ctrl find but with PDF element you're
able to do that because it converts it
into text let me tell you a secret when
the teacher was asking questions in
class I was secretly controlled find her
question and I would instantly be able
to find answer no one else was able to
do that but I was so the teacher thought
I was the only one who did the reading
but I didn't if your student and you
want to save time on taking notes or on
your assignments then PDF element is for
you sign up using the link in the
description below and today you're gonna
get a 70% off discount so go sign up
before the promotion ends and lastly
let's review our notes for this video
together because I'm gonna show you how
I applied every single technique that I
told you so basically I always write
that lecture title at the top and I just
did this for myself you don't really
need to read this down but you know it's
important to remind yourself of the why
right here is an overview of the whole
class I really like how their teacher
set that because now I know what to
expect and what to write for the rest of
my notes and this is just a main point I
wanted to stress is
the biggest mistake is writing
word-for-word and then what you do
instead so I organized the three
different methods by the hierarchy
method and right here instead of writing
exactly what the teacher said I
basically used what he's said to
illustrate the point and I made my own
bond over here too and I really like the
metaphor hafu gave so I basically just
drew that out here and I just put two
more supporting points right here and
lastly it's a time-saving hacks this
morning's more short form so I wrote it
using the numbering system so the first
one would be writing on the lecture
slides themselves and then two is to
download PDF element by wondershare so I
can save time and if you get it right
now you can get 70% off so click the
link in the description and lastly I
just wanted to do a little review over
here so it's almost like an equation and
that makes it a lot easier to remember
study less get better grades equal happy
subscribe turn on notifications and
follow me on Instagram
peace out